Add doc about packaging airgap bundles (#2303)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/vendor/helm-packaging-airgap-bundles.mdx

apiVersion: kots.io/v1beta2
kind: HelmChart
metadata:
  name: samplechart
spec:
  chart:
    name: samplechart
    chartVersion: 3.1.7
  builder:
    postgres:
      enabled: true 
```

For requirements, recommendations, and examples of common use cases for the `builder` key, see the sections below.

### Requirements and Recommendations

<HelmBuilderRequirements/>

### Example: Set the Image Registry for Air Gap Installations

For air gap installations, if the [Replicated proxy service](/vendor/private-images-about) domain `proxy.replicated.com` is used as the default image name for any images, you need to rewrite the image to the upstream image name so that it can be processed and included in the air gap bundle. You can use the `builder` key to do this by hardcoding the upstream location of the image (image registry, repository, and tag), as shown in the example below:

```yaml
apiVersion: kots.io/v1beta2
kind: HelmChart
metadata:
  name: samplechart
spec:
  chart:
    name: samplechart
    chartVersion: 3.1.7
  builder:
    my-service:
      image:
        registry: 12345.dkr.ecr.us-west-1.amazonaws.com
        repository: my-app
        tag: "1.0.2"    
```

> When building the `.airgap` bundle for the release, the vendor portal uses the registry, repository, and tag values supplied in the `builder` key to template the Helm chart, rather than the default values defined in the Helm `values.yaml` file. This ensures that the correct image registry details are used for air gap installations, without needing to make any changes to the Helm chart directly.

Reviewer: Take or leave the wording, but this might help explain why this needs to be done.
```suggestion
When building the `.airgap` bundle for the release, the vendor portal uses the registry, repository, and tag values supplied in the `builder` key to template the Helm chart, rather than the default values defined in the Helm `values.yaml` file. This ensures that the image is pulled from the upstream registry using the credentials supplied in the vendor portal, without requiring any changes to the Helm chart directly.
```

### Example: Include Conditional Images

> Many applications have images that are included or excluded based on a given condition. For example, enterprise users might have the option to deploy an embedded database with the application or bring their own database. To support this use case for air gap installations, the image for any conditionally-deployed components must always be included in the air gap bundle.

Reviewer: Since components is plural
```suggestion
Many applications have images that are included or excluded based on a given condition. For example, enterprise users might have the option to deploy an embedded database with the application or bring their own database. To support this use case for air gap installations, the images for any conditionally-deployed components must always be included in the air gap bundle.
```
